Test unversioned base URLs (#34)
Materials-Consortia/optimade-validator-action: README.md

This can be chosen using the input `validator_version`.

## Inputs

| Input | Description | Usage | Default | Action version |
| :---: |    :---     | :---: |  :---:  |      :---:     |
| `all_versioned_paths` | Whether to test all possible versioned base URLs:<br><br>/vMAJOR<br>/vMAJOR.MINOR<br>/vMAJOR.MINOR.PATCH<br><br>The latter two being optional base URLs according to the specification. | Optional | `false` | `v1+`
| `as_type` | Validate the request URL with the provided type, rather than scanning the entire implementation<br>Example values: 'structures', 'reference'. For a full list of values see `optimade-python-tools`. | Optional | - | `v1+`
| `domain` | Domain for the OPTIMADE URL (defaults to the GitHub Actions runner host) | Optional | `gh_actions_host` | `v1+`
| `fail_fast` | Whether or not to exit and return a non-zero error code on first failure. | Optional | `false` | `v2+`
| `index` | Whether or not this is an index meta-database | Optional | `false` | `v1+`

> | `path` | Path for the OPTIMADE (versioned) base URL - MUST start with `/`<br>The path MUST NOT include the versioned part of the base URL. Rather, it MUST point to the unversioned base URL of your OPTIMADE implementation. | Optional | `/` | `v1+`

Reviewer: Could you clarify this a bit more? I know what you mean, but now the example value has changed to just `"/"` it might be unclear:

```suggestion
| `path` | Path to append to the domain to reach the OPTIMADE unversioned base URL - MUST start with `/`<br>The path MUST NOT include the versioned part of the base URL. Rather, it MUST point to the unversioned base URL of your OPTIMADE implementation` | Optional | `/` | `v1+`
```

Does this setting still make sense now or could all this info be bundled into the domain?

Author: Since the domain does not include the path, it cannot be added to the domain. Or do you mean to add `/` to the domain if not already present? That might be a great idea.

I put in all these `MUST BE /` though, to avoid having to do a million checks for prep- or appended `/`.
